[Docs] Update test portion of mgmt plane contributing docs (#28852)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-net: sdk/resourcemanager/Azure.ResourceManager/docs/TestGuide.md

# Test .NET management plane SDK

## Frameworks

We use [NUnit 3][nunit] as our testing framework.

[Azure.Core.TestFramework's testing framework][core_tests] provides a set of reusable primitives that simplify writing tests for new Azure SDK libraries.

## Testing project structure

With the help of [Azure.ResourceManager.Template][mgmt_template], the basic testing project and file structure(see following for details) will be generated under `sdk\<service name>\<package name>\tests` directory.

```text

> sdk\<service name>\<package name>\tests\Azure.ResourceManager.<service>.Tests.csproj

Reviewer: Should this be
```suggestion
sdk\<service name>\<package name>\tests\<package name>.Tests.csproj
```
or 
```suggestion
sdk\<service name>\Azure.ResourceManager.<service>\tests\Azure.ResourceManager.<service>.Tests.csproj
```
to emphasize these two are the same?

sdk\<service name>\<package name>\tests\<service>ManagementTestBase.cs
sdk\<service name>\<package name>\tests\<service>ManagementTestEnvironment.cs
sdk\<service name>\<package name>\tests\Scenario
sdk\<service name>\<package name>\tests\SessionRecords
```

> **Note**: Considering that in Git directories exist implicitly, so you might need to create the `Scenario` and `SessionRecords` directories by yourself after cloning the repo.

Reviewer: Do we really need to enforce this?
Maybe we need to document that the test code should go into `Scenario` directory

Author: let's keep it for now to make the test project structure within different RPs looks consistent as much as possible.

sdk\<service name>\<package name>\src\Generated\<resource>Collection.cs
sdk\<service name>\<package name>\src\Generated\<resource>Resource.cs
```

For instance, if you want to test the `CreateOrUpdate` method in ExampleCollection.cs, the corresponding test file will be like:

```csharp
namespace Azure.ResourceManager.Service.Tests
{
    public class ExampleCollectionTests : ServiceManagementTestBase
    {
        public ExampleCollectionTests(bool isAsync)
            : base(isAsync)//, RecordedTestMode.Record)
        {
        }

        [TestCase]
        [RecordedTest]
        public async Task CreateOrUpdate()
        {
            SubscriptionResource subscription = await Client.GetDefaultSubscriptionAsync();
            ResourceGroupResource rg = await CreateResourceGroup(subscription, "testRg", AzureLocation.WestUS);
            string resourceName = Recording.GenerateAssetName("resource");
            ExampleResource resource = await rg.GetExamples().CreateOrUpdateAsync(WaitUntil.Completed, resourceName, new ExampleData());
            Assert.AreEqual(resourceName, resource.Data.Name);
        }
    }
}
```

> We expose all of our APIs with both sync and async variants. To avoid writing each of our tests twice, we automatically convert our async API calls into their sync equivalents at runtime. Simply write your tests using only async APIs and the `Azure.Core.TestFramework` will wrap the client with a proxy that forwards everything to the sync overloads automatically. Visual Studio's test runner will show `*TestClass(True)` for the async variants and `*TestClass(False)` for the sync variants.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We expose all of our APIs with both sync and async variants. To avoid writing each of our tests twice, the test framework automatically converts async API calls into their sync equivalents at runtime. Simply write your tests using only async APIs and the `Azure.Core.TestFramework` will wrap the client with a proxy that forwards everything to the sync overloads automatically. Visual Studio's test runner will show `*TestClass(True)` for the async variants and `*TestClass(False)` for the sync variants.
```
